### Welcome to my Github repository

Greetings and welcome to my Github repository, my name is Raúl Fernández Díaz and I am a bioinformatician with a background in biotechnology, currently specialising in deep learning applications to biomedicine. In this repository, you will find some projects I have worked on which include the code I developed for the HarvardX CS50's courses on AI programming with Python and Game Development, as well as a little project I worked on during the quarentine related to my Bachelor's Thesis on MATLAB language. 

Although, my professional focus is on AI devlopment, I also find scientific divulgation and teaching fascinating and so I have taught a workshop at the VII SECUAH Congress at "Alcalá de Henares" University (Madrid). In the repository, "Aprendizaje profundo en biomedicina" I have collected the materials I created for the workshop which include a Google Collaboratory (Jupyter) Notebook with all the necessary code for training a simple deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) for diagnosing skin lessions as either bening or cancerous. In the same note, I am also writting a blog about deep learning. The idea is to provide clear, simple explanations to help any newcomers build a solid conceptual framework. If it is something that might interest you, check it out: https://raulfernandezdiaz.wixsite.com/website-2/blog

Finally, inspired by some challenges I faced during the first stages of my Master's Thesis, I have begun developing a Python package to wrap some of the most important classes and functionalities of Pytorch to simplify the process of designing DCNNs and multi-channel DCNNs (MC-DCNNs). Its provisional name is eztorch4conv.
